Simplify request certID construction (#49)
aarongable/draft-acme-ari: draft-ietf-acme-ari.md

To request the suggested renewal information for a certificate, the client sends a GET request to a path under the server's `renewalInfo` URL.

> The path component is computed by concatenating the base64url-encoding [@!RFC4648, section 5] of the bytes of the certificate's Authority Key Identifier (AKI) extension value, a literal period, and the base64url-encoding of the bytes of the certificate's Serial Number. All trailing "`=`" MUST be stripped from both parts of the path component. Thus the full request url is constructed as follows, where the "`||`" operator indicates string concatenation:

Reviewer: It's arguably clarified most by the example below, but since we generally want the text of an RFC to be unambiguous without resorting to decoding an example, but:

Reading this, I understand that the "bytes of the the certificate's Authority Key Identifier extension value" means the serialized bytes straight out of the certificate, which are defined as a `SEQUENCE` object with with tag, length, and inner values by RFC 5280. 

By that token, one could imagine the Serial Number to be the _value_ of the Serial Number, which is an ASN.1 `INTEGER` with tag, length, and an inner value. Of course, then one could argue that if the RFC meant that, it would refer to the `CertificateSerialNumber` type out of 5280. And so forth, because ambiguity.

The AKI part is pretty clear, so maybe we append _field value_ to match the AKI's wording? **"base64url-encoding of the bytes of the certificate's Serial Number field value."**

```suggestion
The path component is computed by concatenating the base64url-encoding [@!RFC4648, section 5] of the bytes of the certificate's Authority Key Identifier (AKI) extension value, a literal period, and the base64url-encoding of the bytes of the certificate's Serial Number field value. All trailing "`=`" MUST be stripped from both parts of the path component. Thus the full request url is constructed as follows, where the "`||`" operator indicates string concatenation:
```

Author: Yep, totally agreed. I had the same thoughts about the ambiguity of specifying which bytes from the AKI to use, and liked the "field value" phrasing I landed on there. Didn't even occur to me to do the same for the Serial, but I think you're absolutely right.

> The path component is computed by concatenating the base64url-encoding [@!RFC4648, section 5] of the bytes of the certificate's Authority Key Identifier (AKI) extension value, a literal period, and the base64url-encoding of the bytes of the certificate's Serial Number field value. All trailing "`=`" MUST be stripped from both parts of the path component. Thus the full request url is constructed as follows, where the "`||`" operator indicates string concatenation:

Reviewer 2: I took a stab at a more procedure driven definition. Feel free to take or leave this:

```suggestion
To construct the path component, adhere to the following procedure:

1. Retrieve the byte representation of the leaf certificate's Authority Key Identifier (AKI) extension value. Encode this using base64url, as detailed in [@!RFC4648, section 5].
2. Similarly, retrieve and base64url encode the byte representation of the leaf certificate's Serial Number field value.
3. Strip all trailing "`=`" characters from both the encoded AKI and Serial Number values.
4. Concatenate the two encoded values using a period (`.`) separator.

The resulting request URL is assembled by appending this path component to the `renewalInfo URL`:

~~~ text
   request_url = {renewalInfo URL} || '/' || base64url(AKI) || '.' || base64url(Serial)
~~~

Definitions:
- `{renewalInfo URL}`: The base URL of the renewalInfo endpoint.
- `base64url(AKI)`: The base64url encoded AKI value, with all trailing "`=`" characters stripped.
- `base64url(Serial)`: The base64url encoded Serial Number, with all trailing "`=`" characters stripped.

Note: Within the expression above, "||" symbolizes string concatenation.
```

Author: I fear that this construction-based style is _too_ prescriptive -- what if the client gets the serial from elsewhere (e.g. it's own persistent state file, rather than the cert itself)? I think I've hit the best of both worlds by leaving the normative text mostly the same, but making the example much more procedural like this.
